README.md, before:

# **Social Network API**
---

## **Description**

This site was made using MongoDB in pair with Mongoose to create a backend for a Social Network site where a user can create an account, make a thought, make a reaction, edit said thought and account, delete the thought, reaction and account, connect with other users via 'friends' and delete other users as friends all throught different API routes.

---
## **Table of Contents**
- <a href="#installation">Installation</a>
- <a href="#technologies-used">Technologies Used</a>
- <a href="#usage">Usage</a>
- <a href="#Deployment">Deployment</a>

---
## **Installation**
The following npm libraries must be installed to run this application:

-   express
-   MongoDB
-   Mongoose
-   nodemon
-   dayjs

These installations can be simply done by the running the following command line at the root directory: 
```
npm i
```

---
## **Technologies Used**

- Node.js
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- Express.js
- nodemon
- dayjs

---

## **Usage**

To use this site, you npm i to download the needed dependencies then npm run dev to start the server and in insomnia you run the desired requets using the routes defined in the routes folder.

Below is a demo gif of the site :

![Demo of GET routes to return all users and all thoughts being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-01.gif)

![Demo that shows the POST, PUT, and DELETE routes for users being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-03.gif)

![Demo that shows GET routes to return a single user and a single thought being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-02.gif)

![Demo that shows the POST and DELETE routes for a user’s friend list being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-04.gif)

---

## **License**

![GitHub License Badge](https://shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

---

## **Deployment**

Nil

Commit message:

Add walk through to README

README.md, after:

# **Social Network API**


## **Description**

This site was made using MongoDB in pair with Mongoose to create a backend for a Social Network site where a user can create an account, make a thought, make a reaction, edit said thought and account, delete the thought, reaction and account, connect with other users via 'friends' and delete other users as friends all throught different API routes.

---
## **Table of Contents**
- <a href="#installation">Installation</a>
- <a href="#technologies-used">Technologies Used</a>
- <a href="#usage">Usage</a>
- <a href="#Walk through video">Walk through video</a>

---
## **Installation**
The following npm libraries must be installed to run this application:

-   express
-   MongoDB
-   Mongoose
-   nodemon
-   dayjs

These installations can be simply done by the running the following command line at the root directory: 
```
npm i
```

---
## **Technologies Used**

- Node.js
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- Express.js
- nodemon
- dayjs

---

## **Usage**

To use this site, you npm i to download the needed dependencies then npm run dev to start the server and in insomnia you run the desired requets using the routes defined in the routes folder.

Below is a demo gif of the site :

![Demo of GET routes to return all users and all thoughts being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-01.gif)

![Demo that shows the POST, PUT, and DELETE routes for users being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-03.gif)

![Demo that shows GET routes to return a single user and a single thought being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-02.gif)

![Demo that shows the POST and DELETE routes for a user’s friend list being tested in Insomnia.](./Assets/18-nosql-homework-demo-04.gif)

---

## **License**

![GitHub License Badge](https://shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

---

## **Walk through video**

[This is a link to the walk through video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o5i7M1ers4KeAKFtDxEY_RGGVWWWH5nX/view?usp=share_link)
